1. HMU - saw name on bust, looked up 'Mitchell E Daniels bust', followed an article about the unveiling of the bust, saw "At Purdue University, it is a tradition that every former president receives a bronze bust to be displayed within the Purdue Memorial Union.", looked up building code for Memorial Union

2. UNIV - I reverse searched the image with "purdue university" and saw a picture closely resembling the image I had, so I followed the image source to the original page to find out more info on the picture, eventually following the pic to an instagram post that clearly stated it was "University House"

3. RAWL - zoomed in and saw 'Union Club Hotel' in picture, looked this up on Google maps and went into streetview, saw small unique looking tower outside window, moved around until I could see these features and line them up like in the picture - saw the building the picture must be from, zoomed in on the front, 'Rawls Hall'. Later while looking for other images, I watched a Youtube tour of the Business School and saw this spot again within Rawls Hall, confirming this entry.

4. Quite lost with this one - the image gives next to nothing to go off, only showing a staircase with a yellow wall and floor 1, a 'Project Purdue' hand sanitizer (definitely not a unique), and non-descript outside features. Google searches suggested this was the 'Dudley and Lambastus Hall', but pictures from said Hall didn't match exactly, and I could not find any more links

5. UC - This immediately looked like a church to me. I reverse image searched and got a couple of notable results, a LinkedIn post and a Reddit post, clearly showing the same building. I started with the LinkedIn post, but this was a dead end, only saying that this was used by Purdue's Daniels School of Business. Sadly from looking on Purdue's website, this is the name of the department, not any specific building. I searched 'daniels school of business purdue converted church' but was surprised to get nothing useful. I noticed the university map did have a 'University Church', but searching this failed to give any pictures of the interior that clearly confirmed the link. So I checked out the Reddit Post, which didn't say the name of even the uni, never mind the building. But, in the comments, I found someone saying specifically where the building was, which confirmed to me it was University Church

6. 
